0-RTT Data & CoAP-specific (#207)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

> situation when the server rejects 0-RTT and falls back to 1-RTT.

For any application protocol, 0-RTT MUST NOT be used unless a protocol-specific
profile exists.

At the time of writing, no such profile has been defined for CoAP {{CoAP}}.
Therefore, 0-RTT MUST NOT be used by CoAP applications.

> No specific recommendations are given for non-IETF IoT protocols, like MQTT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No specific recommendations are given for non-IETF IoT protocols such as MQTT.
```
